PMM-12194 Create Advisor details page (#1223)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/get-started/advisors-details.md

## List of Advisors

The [**Advisors**](https://portal.percona.com/advisors) page in the Percona Portal lists the Percona Advisors you can run from PMM. That Page will show the Advisors available for your subscription tier.

> For simplicity, we also listening all Advisors and checks on this page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simplicity, we also listing all Advisors and checks on this page:
```

| **Configuration Security** | Checks your database configuration to ensure that security best practices are correctly implemented.  | All Users |MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL|
| **Authentication Security** | Ensures that all database authentication parameters are configured securely. | Customers only |MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL|
| **Replication Security** | Helps safeguard data replication by assessing security risks and providing recommendations for improving protection. | Customers only |MySQL|
| **Connection Security** | Helps identify security issues on network connections and provides recommendations for enhancing security. | Customers only |MySQL, MongoDB|

### Query Advisors
| Advisor Name | Description | Subscription | Database Technology|
| :--------- | :---------- | :--- |:--- |
| **Index Query** | Provides query and index optimization strategies for peak database performance. | Customers only | MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL |
| **Schema Design Query** | Helps create efficient database schemas by analyzing queries and offering suggestions for optimization. | All Users |MySQL|

## List of checks

> Every Advisor consists of the advisor checks inside. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Advisor consists of one or more Advisor checks. 
```

> We have listed the checks and their details here for more detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have listed the checks and their details here.
```

| Connection Security| mongodb_bindip | Warns if the MongoDB network binding is not set as Recommended. | MonogDB IP Bindings |
| CVE Security| mongodb\_cve\_version | Shows an error if MongoDB or Percona Server for MongoDB version is older than the latest version containing CVE (Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures) fixes. | MongoDB CVE Version |

### MySQL
| Advisor| Check Name | Description | Summary |
| :--------- | :---------- | :--- |:--- |
|Connection Configuration| mysql\_configuration\_max\_connections\_usage | Checks for MySQL max_connections configuration option for maximum utilization | Check max connections usage |
| Generic Configuration | mysql\_automatic\_sp\_privileges\_enabled | This check reviews the automatic\_sp\_privileges configuration is ON. | Checks if automatic\_sp\_privileges configuration is ON. |
| Generic Configuration | mysql\_config\_binlog\_retention\_period | Binlogs should not be rotated too often, except very specific cases. | Binlogs retention check |

> | Generic Configuration | mysql\_config\_binlog\_row\_image | Please consider setting binlog\_row\_image=FULL. | Binlogs raw image is not set to FULL |

Reviewer 2: The Summary does not match the format of the other ones, which seems to be a Title format. Instead it kind of duplicates the description. Should it be "automatic\_sp\_privileges check"?

> | Generic Configuration | mysql\_config\_binlog\_row\_image | Please consider setting binlog\_row\_image=FULL. | Binlogs raw image is not set to FULL |

Reviewer 2: Checks whether binlogs are being rotated too frequently, which is not recommended except in very specific cases.
```suggestion
| Generic Configuration | mysql\_config\_binlog\_retention\_period | Binlogs should not be rotated too often, except very specific cases.| Binlogs Retention Check |
```

| InnoDB Configuration| mysql\_config\_innodb\_redolog\_disabled | The MySQL InnoDB Redo log, is one of the core components to fulfil the ACID paradigm in MySQL. This element is currently OFF, the setting is highly insecure. | Redo log is disabled in this instance |
| InnoDB Configuration| mysql\_configuration\_innodb\_file\_format | Check if InnoDB is configured with recommended file format | MySQL InnoDB file format |
| InnoDB Configuration| mysql\_configuration\_innodb\_file\_maxlimit | Check if InnoDB is configured with recommended auto-extend | InnoDB Tablespace size has a maximum limit. |
| InnoDB Configuration| mysql\_configuration\_innodb\_file\_per\_table\_not_enabled | innodb\_file\_per_table not enabled | innodb\_file\_per_table not enabled |
| InnoDB Configuration| mysql\_configuration\_innodb\_flush\_method | Check if InnoDB is configured with recommended flush method | MySQL InnoDB flush method |
| InnoDB Configuration| mysql\_configuration\_innodb\_strict\_mode | This check warns about password lifetime. | InnoDB strict mode |

> | Replication Configuration| mysql\_config\_relay\_log\_purge | Identify if a replica node has relay-logs purge set. | Automatic relay log purging is off |

Reviewer 2: Is this description correct for this entry?
